---
layout: post
title: Debugging 2.0
author: Fahaam
category: Zenith
---

I had no idea what I was in for after my last debugging post. That's okay though. We've learned a lot, and pushed through. I'm going to break this up into multiple posts as I want to keep up with documenting everything, but need to focus my efforts in other areas too, so that is the compromise. You may also notice more errors or weird writing as well during this time. Okay, where do I begin?

I've ended up streaming for a total of 56 hours and 49 minutes since my last post. I want to be clear, plenty of this time was spent away on a "be right back" screen etc, but the idea was to keep the streams going regardless and it worked, plenty was done during the streams as well. When I was active on them I was coding and occasionally gaming again. I also added more to the ["currently working on"](https:://fahaam.tech/currentlyworkingon.html) section of the website, including updates as to what was completed on stream and when.

As you can see on the 20th we created a 3d scene in blender for the initial product we have. This was definitely a learning curve as 3d software isn't too familiar to me other than the occasional blender when I was younger. I will post more moments from the stream somehow to the blog soon just to add to the documentation. It's pretty interesting being able to show the process of learning a proxy skill or doing a proxy task during the original task (3d work instead of coding). There was coding done as well. We rendered a transparent background 3d image scene of this human model and a candle light, and got it rendered on the website. We also messed with AWS and got the images served from there.

Talk soon,
Fahaam







